and who operated under the feet of Lucio Flavio, he would have the right to
milk dell'utri tribute in front the past partnership tried to win the line
background marked lacking on lucio flávio the promoter
bigardi and deepened five minutes of the initial stage with that year pike
Flavio to collect
see here in the area ricardo silva this way history the merit paulista jorge
Heavy artillery henry per day tossing all loads lighter
straight for goal
it was a wash
if you are from paulo
playing here is rehearsed to get to the foot of the mountain Carlos the village
the note of the solitary star
the country is a strain he accepts the striking striker pike
he did or does here in the vein and zé carlos came knocking five minutes and
old first time and judo the civil goal des espeto de pau para galera do
founding the advisor
he knew which states
coming back with the severine engineering load
eleven carbon
partisan and sharing 0
you can cross the São Paulo avenue to make
not the Paulista voter
they received me very active aggressing area
and that the Pope
nothing to have the product keeper
which can do nothing the right to share
the olhanense mining
having swayed so far
the joy is alvinegra beja and amapá rio alerted paulista this galera deserves
explained goal celebrated beautiful with respect 18 minutes first time of the
game
in a short time the alvinegro scored against
from then on
the confidence galera a little bit goes back by the hour warned
almost two phases again with the doctor
changing the csn score
Hugo I have this stove tried to run
ipatinga or ipatinga 0
decline
worthy shelter of the dudu river is drying by pressing dori on the right
Thiaguinho foto roosewelt network there and touched to the bottom of the store was
taken to dhpp
Jorge Henrique
can divide the goal
How are you?
the practice of rape
there are two for here
the ipatinga marker look at the mining network
advancing so far that he wins
a goal from these Jorge henrique at 43 and a half
this alvinegra nation deserves
heart alvinegro o botafogo expand
alvinegro fan
one of seven positions
the ex-husband of paulista 3 jorge henrique
ipatinga to 0
will have another hard Luis behind the door between cable alessandro by
thiaguinho he does not dominate the ball ends up passing another another lack the touch of the
ipatinga player
to thiaguinho by the right put on the ground arrived near the area such that
irado thiaguinho looked to Souto for Jorge Henrique
Jorge Henrique
repeating the teaching movement of the third goal of botafogo
look only alvinegros players first to press association
of assistance
qualifying and jorge henrique made his pass to him
mine network once again malan
everything swaying here in the engineer
seven minutes second game time but there was no way
according to the website of this instrument so that the morale of the team in the engineering try
all good to the heart the first
With me, aborted people.
the only one of the stress 4 with two goals of jorge henrique and dentinho
the city from scratch